#labels Featured
The project is based on <a href="http://code.google.com/p/rabr">rabr</a> with tens of new features added.

==Origin==

embr is the abbreviation of embrace.It means:

1. unfinished embrace, to everything you get from twitter.

2. ephemeral embrace, to the time flying with twitter.

==FAQ==

*Error: Call to undefined function curl_init() ?*

adding this line to your PHP5.ini
{{{
extension = curl.so
}}}

It might cost at least 5 mins to take into effect, if error recurs, i m afraid embr can't be installed, without support of curl.

*Error: Call to undefined function mcrypt_module_open() *

adding this line to your PHP5.ini
{{{
extension = mcrypt.so
}}}

It might cost at least 5 mins to take into effect, if error recurs, just leave the secure_key option blank in config.php

==Features==

I.Direct OAuth and OAuth via proxy, bypassing firewall more easily and smoothly。

II.Image Uploading in OAuth.

III.updated to the newest twitese.

IV.Proxify the twitter Avatar.

V.[http://code.google.com/p/embr/wiki/technique Even More]～

==Install Instruction==

I.Down embr-v`*`.7z from [http://code.google.com/p/embr/downloads/list download list]or SVN Checkout http://embr.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ for the last code.

Note: Now you can directly go to step III without any config editing using version 0.21+

II.(Optional)Unzip，edit .\lib\config.php as below
{{{

    define('SECURE_KEY', 'YOU SHOULD CHANGE IT'); //Key to encrypt cookie.

    define('API_URL', 'http://twitter.com');

    define('API_TWITTER', 'http://api.twitter.com');

    define('BASE_URL','http://MY_WEBSITE'); //Where your embr is hosted on?
	
	// get OAuth Config OAuth Key/Secret from https://twitter.com/oauth_clients 

    define("CONSUMER_KEY", "CONSUMER_KEY");

    define("CONSUMER_SECRET", "CONSUMER_SECRET");

	//Optional Information

    define('SITE_OWNER', 'JLHwung'); //Your Twitter ID  

    define('STAT_IMG','');//leave it blank 

    define('BLOG_SITE','http://jlhwung.tk'); //blog_site
}}}
Note

1：you shall edit the .htaccess file if you host embr in a sub-Folder 

2：Nginx Rewrite Rule.
{{{
	location / {
		if (!-f $request_filename) {
			rewrite ^/(\d+)$ /statuse.php?id=$1 last;
			rewrite ^/([a-zA-Z_]+)$ /user.php?id=$1 last;
		break;
		}
	}
}}}

III.Upload and enjoy!

* Demo: http://embr.tk ipv4/ipv6+SSL*

*Time limited, please be patient for my sporadic updating. :)*